= Thank You

Thank you Matz, for Ruby, DHH & crew for Rails, and everyone who has written
or contributed to the gems and plugins that this template uses.

== Code Substantially Similar To ...

In addition to my thanks above to the people who have written the
tools that I use every day, I am also thankful for the people whose
ideas (and in tiny cases, code) I've used in this template.

As I created this Rails template, I looked at a bunch of other
peoples' templates (especially
http://github.com/jeremymcanally/rails-templates,
http://github.com/ericwright/rails-template, and
http://github.com/ffmike/BigOldRailsTemplate) as well as a few
authlogic tutorials (especially
http://github.com/binarylogic/authlogic_example and
http://github.com/matthooks/authlogic-activation-tutorial).

Some of the ideas I've incorporated into this template include:

* copying database.yml to database.yml.example and then not putting
  database.yml into git (first noticed by me in rails-templates/daring.rb
  from Peter Cooper)

* The semantics (and in simple cases, the code) of most of the session
  related methods in application_controller.rb
  and user_sessions_controller.rb, copied from the authlogic_example

=== Did I leave you out?

I should have written this THANKS file as soon as I started creating
this template.  At the time, I thought I'd just pull together various
things that I'd already used and didn't really planning on cribbing
anything from anyone.  However, I decided that it would be a good time
to survey the technologies that other people are using.  It was then
that I became a convert to authlogic, and decided to use basically the
same method names and semantics (although in some cases, trivially
rewritten) as in the authlogic demo.

I certainly don't want to take credit for other people's work.  If you
.see something in here that looks a lot like something you've done,
drop me a line.  There's a chance that when I was surveying what other
people were doing, that I picked up something from you and didn't
think to document it.

Cliff Matthews mailto:ctm@devctm.com
